Kubilay Agi
UID: 304784519

1.) Even if the other teams had been monitoring the bytes that were sent
across the network, they would not be able to see the data because they do
not have the key for decrypting the data that is being sent. Thus the resulting
network is indeed still secure. 

Assumption 1:

If we assume that the other teams knew what we had typed on the keyboards, the
network would no longer be secure because they would have our passwords and
the IP addresses of the host that we logged into. If they gained access into
our account, they would have access to the private key, and therefore the 
network would no longer be secure.

Assumtion 2:
If we are booting off of a USB that the other teams had possession of before,
then our network would not be secure either because it would be possible
for the the other teams to have changed our keys so that they know what the
key for decrypting the bytes would be, which would mean that the network
is no longer secure if they are monitoring the bytes because they can see
all the data being transfered across the network.


2.) The gpg --verify command does not really verify that I personally created
the tar file because the signature we gave to the tar file was detached, which
means that I could have attached my own signature to anyones file, and it 
would still return as 'Good Signature' because the signature I give and that
I check against were both provided by myself, even though I did not create 
the original file. Say a package is intercepted and changed to contain
malicious software, and this hacker uses the same signature as the original
file had because he/she knows the sender's name and email. Then if the file
that was intercepted, resigned and forwarded by the hacker is opened, the 
system may become compromised, even though the verfication returned as 'Good
Signature'.

One way to fix this problem is to not use detached signatures and instead use
attached signatures. Although this might be a bit of a hassle to remove the
signatures from the end of the files after they are untarred, but it is more
beneficial in the long run to have files that are transfered safely and have
to remove a signature than to work with files that can be tampered with and
not have to remove the signature.
